Allow setting custom user-agent in gRPC calls (#1)
postmanlabs/grpc-node: packages/grpc-js/README.md

  - `channelOverride`
  - `channelFactoryOverride`

>   > **Note**: If user-agent is passed in the request metadata, it will take precedence and be used instead of the one set using the `grpc.primary_user_agent` or `grpc.secondary_user_agent` channel options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > **Note**: `user-agent` passed in the request metadata will take precedence over  `grpc.primary_user_agent` and `grpc.secondary_user_agent` channel options.
```
